1. You posted in your slides that we needed to run a validator on our HTML, and CSS, and that it needed to come out
  with no errors. For my _base.scss, I copied and pasted the CSS from the base HTML5 Boilerplate CSS. All of the
  (8) CSS errors I'm getting when I run the validator on my application.css are from that base CSS.

2. I only got to doing the homepage, plus three additional pages instead of four. I have the navigation built in for
  the fourth page, but I intend to build out a PHP login interface for clients to schedule services through me, check
  on the status, see pricing, etc. I would have liked to have that done for now, but this will be my first real project
  writing in PHP, so I have a bit of learning to do still.

3. I've never had any formal training on HTML and CSS. I started writing web pages in the 6th grade, and I've basically
  self taught myself most things, with the help of Google. Point being my markup probably isn't the best looking, and
   I'm sure there are areas where I should have gone about it a different way, but didn't. Sometimes the long way is
   easiest for me :D

4. On the Films page, while viewing it on my iPad, sometimes the images don't all load correctly. I'm thinking this
  is because the java script I have running executes before all of the images can be properly loaded and displayed,
   causing them to not be loaded and displayed at all. Re-clicking on the nav link to the page fixes it. Seemingly
   because the images are already in the cache, and it doesn't have to load them from the server. I lowered the
   quality on the tumbnails to hopefully aid in the issue, and it seems to have helped to a point. Because I'm
   actually going to use this site, I'll work on writing up some javascript that will wait a second before it
   loads the pop-up window function, so to give the thumbnails enough time to load. Weird that it only does that
    with the Films page, as the Photography page uses the same javascript, albeit a different function, but the
    thumbnails for that page are much larger in filesize.

5. The final site is hosted at timothymontoya.com

6. I've really enjoyed taking this class, and I sure as hell have learned a lot from it. I look forward to your
  Web Administration class in the Spring.
